mp3nema
------------

MP3nema is a tool aimed at analyzing and capturing data that is hidden between
frames in an MP3 file or stream, otherwise noted as "out of band" data.  This
utility also supports adding data between frames, and capturing streaming
audio.


Building
--------

From the top-level directory of mp3nema run:
    ./configure
    make

Debugging mode can be enabled when configuring by using the following option:
    ./configure --enable-debug

The resulting binary can be placed anywhere, as there is no "install" target in
the makefile.


Usage
-----
There are four main uses for mp3enema.
0 - Analyzing files or streaming audio to find data hidden between audio frames.
1 - Capturing streaming audio to a file.
2 - Extracting out of band data to a file.
3 - Inserting data between frames.

When inserting data between frames, the destination can be a single MP3 file,
or a directory of MP3s.  To be more covert, larger files should probably be
spanned across multiple MP3s.  In such a case a directory of MP3 files can be
specified.  The resulting files, with the injected data, will be numbered so
that they can be extracted in proper order. 

It is suggested that an ASCII-based encoding (e.g. uuencode) be used to encode
the data that is to be stashed between frames.  This avoids the possibility of
replicating an MP3 sync-frame, which would signify the potential start of audio
data, and confuse the data-extraction process or audio-playback.  Likewise, the
case of an ASCII character sequence of "ID3" in the data might also create
confusion.

The help menu, when running mp3nema without any arguments, designates how to
operate in one of the aforementioned modes.

The files produced are automatically named based on the source MP3 file or
stream that is being analyzed.  In the case of duplicate file names, a
sequential number is added to the end of the resulting file, before the
extension.
    

Thanks
------
The rest of 757labs (www.757labs.com)
GNU (www.gnu.org)


Contact / Project URL
-------
mattdavis9@gmail.com
www.757labs.com/projects/mp3nema
